Introduce WG Workload-aware Scheduling (#8970)
kubernetes/community: wg-workload-aware-scheduling/README.md

<!---
This is an autogenerated file!

Please do not edit this file directly, but instead make changes to the
sigs.yaml file in the project root.

To understand how this file is generated, see https://git.k8s.io/community/generator/README.md
--->
# Workload-aware Scheduling Working Group

> The working group is dedicated to exploring and improving workload topology awareness in Kubernetes. This should result in better workload scheduling and placement,  better workload autoscaling, better workload migration and availability, load balancing, de/scheduling, and cloud provider and third-party integrations.

Reviewer: Let's keep it consistent with charter, what about: Establish native APIs and a common scheduling substrate in core Kubernetes to evolve beyond pod-by-pod placement and natively support workload-aware scheduling paradigms.

?

Author: updated. PTAL

<!---
This is an autogenerated file!

Please do not edit this file directly, but instead make changes to the
sigs.yaml file in the project root.

To understand how this file is generated, see https://git.k8s.io/community/generator/README.md
--->
# Workload-aware Scheduling Working Group

Establish native APIs and a common scheduling substrate in core Kubernetes to evolve beyond pod-by-pod placement and natively support workload-aware scheduling paradigms.

The [charter](charter.md) defines the scope and governance of the Workload-aware Scheduling Working Group.

## Stakeholder SIGs
* [SIG Apps](/sig-apps)
* [SIG Autoscaling](/sig-autoscaling)
* [SIG Scheduling](/sig-scheduling)

## Meetings

> *Joining the [mailing list](https://groups.google.com/a/kubernetes.io/g/wg-was) for the group will typically add invites for the following meetings to your calendar.*

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't it be rather:
```suggestion
*Joining the [mailing list](https://groups.google.com/a/kubernetes.io/g/wg-workload-aware-scheduling) for the group will typically add invites for the following meetings to your calendar.*
```

Reviewer 2: ditto in "Contact" below

* Workload API integration sync meeting: [Mondays at 9:00 PT (Pacific Time)](https://us06web.zoom.us/j/89570383718?pwd=2tZ4Cinl8yshTxp908lsyEVUBklKDZ.1) (weekly). [Convert to your timezone](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=9%3A00&tz=PT%20%28Pacific%20Time%29).

>   * [Meeting recordings](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLAOs-sFfKbyRBvmB1fAWcP3VFT530pX73).

Reviewer 3: Are we going to use k8s YouTube playlist after WG is created?

Author: Yes, the meeting link and recording will be updated after the creation.
